“A simple fact that is hard to learn is that the time to save money is when you have some.” – Joe Moore
“If you're saving, you're succeeding.”― Steve Burkholder
“It’s not how much money you make, but how much money you keep, how hard it works for you, and how many generations you keep it for.”— Robert Kiyosaki
“If you wish to get rich, save what you get. A fool can earn money, but it takes a wise man to save and dispose of it to his own advantage.”― Brigham Young
"The quickest way to double your money is to fold it in half and put it in your back pocket.” – Will Rogers
“The way to stop financial joyriding is to arrest the chauffeur, not the automobile.”— Woodrow Wilson
“The habit of saving is itself an education; it fosters every virtue, teaches self-denial, cultivates the sense of order, trains to forethought, and so broadens the mind.”— T.T. Munger
“Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.”— Michael Leboeuf
“If you would be wealthy, think of saving as well as getting.” – Benjamin Franklin
“Try to save something while your salary is small; it’s impossible to save after you begin to earn more.”— Jack Benny
“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.”— Mark Twain
“Know what you own, and know why you own it.”— Peter Lynch
"Financial peace isn't the acquisition of stuff. It's learning to live on less than you make, so you can give money back and have money to invest. You can't win until you do this.”— Dave Ramsey
“Every time you borrow money, you're robbing your future self.” – Nathan W. Morris
“Frugality includes all the other virtues.”— Cicero
“That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest.”— Henry David Thoreau
“Don't tell me what you value, show me your budget, and I'll tell you what you value.”— Joe Biden
“Do what you love and the money will follow.”— Marsha Sinetar
“Before you speak, listen. Before you write, think. Before you spend, earn. Before you invest, investigate. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try. Before you retire, save. Before you die, give.”— William A. Ward
“Fortune sides with him who dares.”― Virgil
“If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know & start charging for it.”— Kim Garst
"If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know & start charging for it. – Kim Garst
“What we really want to do is what we are really meant to do. When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us, we feel useful, and the work we do feels like play to us.”— Julia Cameron
“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.”— Bruce Lee
“I don’t pay good wages because I have a lot of money; I have a lot of money because I pay good wages.”— Robert Bosch
"Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs.”— Zig Ziglar
“Both poverty and riches are the offspring of thought.” – Napoleon Hill
“Investing should be more like watching paint dry or watching grass grow. If you want excitement, take $800 and go to Las Vegas.”— Paul Samuelson
“Money can’t buy friends, but you can get a better class of enemy.”— Spike Milligan
“The more you learn, the more you earn.” – Frank Clark
“Put all good eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.”— Andrew Carnegie
“Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.”— Samuel Butler
“Many folks think they aren’t good at earning money when what they don’t know is how to use it.”— Frank A. Clark
"Persist – don’t take no for an answer. If you’re happy to sit at your desk and not take any risk, you’ll be sitting at your desk for the next 20 years.” – David Rubenstein
“Money grows on the tree of persistence.”— Japanese Proverb
“It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan.”— Eleanor Roosevelt
“Making money isn't hard in itself… What's hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting one's life to.”― Carlos Ruiz Zafón