Move bank accounts to take advantage of perks and earn more interest
Stop collecting, and start selling
Sign up for every free customer rewards program you can.
Use credit cards wisely; focus on your high interest ones first.
Master the 30-day rule; purchases
Invite friends over instead of going out.
Re-use clothes! Got a hole in trousers? Repurpose them as work trousers for around the house, like when you paint
Want some free tax-relief? Donate some items to charity and get a receipt
Drink more water - will fill you up to stop you eating (ane wasting) as much food whilst also keeping you healthy
Try and quit smoking. Its hard, but there a people who will be there to support you, 100% of the way
Start making food in bulk and save the leftovers for tomorrows lunch or dinner. Always cheaper unit prices to buy bulk!
Save money on bills by using LED's or other energy efficient products.
Dont buy the cheapest item if it wont last, getting something that will!
A clean air filter can improve your gas mileage by up to 7%, saving you more than £100 for every 10,000 miles driven in an average vehicle
Plan your meals from whats on sale, not the other way around
Cancel the damn gym membership already...
Buy used when it makes sense. Often, used stuff is in almost the same quality as new
Check for savings by switching bill providers
Remove your card numbers from your online accounts; its easy to over spend when its convenient, make it less convenient for yourself
Buy holiday presents for yourself a week or so late. Thats when the sales are
Learn the 6-month rule; havent used it in 6 monthes? sell it (obviously doesn't apply to ALL items)
Buy the store made products, normallly its made with exactly the same ingredients. Its only cheaper as theres less overhead on each product
Get yourself out of debt first before doing anything else
Take out a low-rate credit card (0% is poffible) to pay off your high-rate ones
Eat breakfast - Eating a healthy breakfast fills you up with energy for the day while also curbing your desire for a big, expensive lunch.
Make your own lunch the night before
Inflate your tires - For every two PSI of air pressure under the recommended level in your tires, you lose 1% on your gas mileage.
Cancel all the subscriptions you dont need
Maximise the employers pension scheme. Make sure you and your employer are putting in the maximum.